a jay-bez 2099 back one time again got a
sneaker pickup now today's the day the
LeBron James 9 Miami Vice or the South
Beach twos drop so pandemonium was crazy
sold out online in about two minutes but
me and LeBron got a little personal
vendetta going on even though we never
met but uh until he gets that chip I
can't justify buying his kicks but
that's just me
anywho this is all about the Air Jordan
1 take a look at the tag here let's get
a straight look for you Air Jordan 1
Cale hi this is the white black varsity
red version these were a quick strike
only a buck 25 I mean you can't go wrong
with that I mean take a look Jordan kale
source canvas got this paper like looks
like signatures not sure exactly what
that is but nice paper here's a look at
the shoe all canvas says air jordan KO
there is only part that's really leather
1/2 besides the swoosh comes with red
laces also comes with the addition of
white laces maybe out those some black
laces on this y'all they look I'm not
sure you go with the little extra shoe
inserts red laces canvas white tongue
and the black toe
move back a little bit for you guys I
mean like I said honestly this is one of
my grouse in the leather version but I
missed all the retros from back in the
day don't have any OG so for me this was
just this Grail status I mean only a
buck 25 - I can't really go wrong
quality seems okay I tried on try them
on a little while ago they fit through
the size here's the bottom but like I
said white and black canvas upper
where I love the top red laces white
midsole got the red saw but there's a
red Jumpman red canvas pull tab that's
pretty much it
check out my other videos if you could I
got a couple other sneaker vids also got
some thrift shop pickup vids and check
out lifestyle and radio.com
for all your blogosphere news that you
need everything that's important when it
comes to zombies eating people's faces
off or whatever's going on if you think
it's hot you like it it's probably gonna
be there also check me out on eBay
several Roth ten thousand I got the
store up Big Cartel and big shout out to
my supporters big shout out to my
subscribers thanks for the love see you
guys later peace